etc/zoneinfo/README

These files contain the timezone information needed to correctly display
the world clock in the bbs.

The thing with time is, it is subject to change. In a lot of countries,
the clock jumps back and forth an hour in spring and in autumn, which is
known as "Summer Time" or "Daylight Savings (Time)". This jumping of the
clock differs from country to country; a lot of countries in the world
do not even have Daylight Savings (mostly because they are near the
equator anyway, and don't need to have 'longer' daylight during the day),
and the moment in time when the jump occurs is also different from
country to country and from year to year. It may well be that the
information in the files in the zoneinfo directory are outdated next
year.

Your computer knows nothing about daylight savings. During the installation
of your operating system, you or your system administrator was asked to
enter the correct timezone for your location. The operating system
uses that information to correct the time whenever a daylight savings
switch occurs. If the zone information (supplied with your operating system
software) is not correct, your system clock will also not be correct.

Why is this important for the BBS? The bbs program runs on a centralized
server, which is in its own time zone. This time zone may very well be
incorrect to a user that is connecting from another part in the world.
The operating system provides functions to ask what time it is in UTC
(Coordinated Universal Time) and in 'local time', which is dependent on
what time zone the server system is in.

There is a feature in bbs100 which allows users to synchronize their
clocks (in the Config menu). What this does, is save the difference
between the user given time and UTC (or, what the system thinks is
UTC -- the system clock might be off as well..!)
Problems arise when daylight savings are effect; the user's clock will
be an hour off again. The user can fix this by synchronizing his clock
again, but the world clock function will still show the wrong time.
This is because it does not know about daylight savings for those cities.
To fix this, I have implemented time zones for bbs100 for the world
clock function. It would still be better to implement time zones for
user clocks as well, but because there are so many time zones this is
left as a nice exercise to the programmer.


Greets,

    --Walter <walter@heiho.net>

EOB
